README.md, before:

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/166feb4a-7945-4abf-9125-d1cae40165c7/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/stoic-kalam-3e2a64/deploys) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ggican/-poke-api.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ggican/-poke-api)  [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/ggican/-poke-api/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/ggican/-poke-api?branch=master) [![tested with jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/tested_with-jest-99424f.svg)](https://github.com/facebook/jest) [![jest](https://jestjs.io/img/jest-badge.svg)](https://github.com/facebook/jest) [![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
 

## Get Started

### npm install
Install application with `npm install`


## Documentation

### Story Book
run story book for view documentation components



#### `npm run storybook`
run story book for view documentation components with `npm run storybook`
Open [http://localhost:6006](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### npm start
when start application in your local

#### `npm start:local`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

#### `npm start:development`

Runs the app in with environment staging mode.<br />

#### `npm start:staging`

Runs the app in with environment staging mode.<br />

#### `npm start:production`

Runs the app in with environment production mode.<br />

### npm test

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

#### `npm test:ci`

Launches the test runner in the interactive CI mode.<br />

#### `test:ci-snap`

Launches the test runner in the interactive CI mode. with snap mode<br />

#### `test:cov`

Launches the test runner in the interactive generate coverage<br />

#### `test:debug`

Launches the test runner in the interactive debug mode<br />

#### `test:lint`

Launches the test linter mode<br />

#### `test:report`

Launches the test generate mode<br />

#### `test:snap`

Launches the test snapshot mode<br />

### npm build

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

#### `npm build:production`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

#### `npm build:staging`

Builds the app for staging to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

#### `npm build:development`

Builds the app for staging to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

Commit message:

step to use aplication in readme md

README.md, after:

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/166feb4a-7945-4abf-9125-d1cae40165c7/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/stoic-kalam-3e2a64/deploys) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ggican/-poke-api.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ggican/-poke-api)  [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/ggican/-poke-api/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/ggican/-poke-api?branch=master) [![tested with jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/tested_with-jest-99424f.svg)](https://github.com/facebook/jest) [![jest](https://jestjs.io/img/jest-badge.svg)](https://github.com/facebook/jest) [![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
 
# How To Use fast step

-  first just git clone the repo ```git clone git@github.com:ggican/-poke-api.git```
- run install after clone ```npm install```
- run start with environment local ```npm run start:local```
- if you went try test just run ```npm run test```
- if you went to see documentation just run ```npm run storybook```

for detail like what this aplication you can see below this :


## Get Started

### npm install
Install application with `npm install`


## Documentation

### Story Book
run story book for view documentation components



#### `npm run storybook`
run story book for view documentation components with `npm run storybook`
Open [http://localhost:6006](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### npm start
when start application in your local

#### `npm start:local`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

#### `npm start:development`

Runs the app in with environment staging mode.<br />

#### `npm start:staging`

Runs the app in with environment staging mode.<br />

#### `npm start:production`

Runs the app in with environment production mode.<br />

### npm test

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

#### `npm test:ci`

Launches the test runner in the interactive CI mode.<br />

#### `test:ci-snap`

Launches the test runner in the interactive CI mode. with snap mode<br />

#### `test:cov`

Launches the test runner in the interactive generate coverage<br />

#### `test:debug`

Launches the test runner in the interactive debug mode<br />

#### `test:lint`

Launches the test linter mode<br />

#### `test:report`

Launches the test generate mode<br />

#### `test:snap`

Launches the test snapshot mode<br />

### npm build

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

#### `npm build:production`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

#### `npm build:staging`

Builds the app for staging to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

#### `npm build:development`

Builds the app for staging to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.
